fix_dataimporter_usecase (#277)
percona/everest-doc: docs/backups_and_restore/dataimporters/pxc_dataimporter.md

> # DataImporter: Percona PXC operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# DataImporter: Percona Operator for MySQL (XtraDB)
```

> The `everest-percona-pxc-operator` data importer enables you to import MySQL backups stored in external S3-compatible storage into clusters managed by Percona Everest.

Reviewer: The `everest-percona-pxc-operator` data importer allows you to import backups taken using the Percona Operator for MySQL (XtraDb).

##  Prerequisites

These are the prerequisites for import external database backups using Percona Everest UI:

> - MySQL backups stored in an accessible S3-compatible storage bucket
> 
> - AWS credentials (Access Key and Secret Key)
> 
> - Kubernetes secrets containing MongoDB user credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Backup taken using the Percona MongoDB Operator stored in an S3-compatible storage bucket
- Credentials to access the S3 bucket (AccessKeyID and SecretAccessKey)
- System user credentials from the source cluster
```
